
https://blog.frogslayer.com/a-primer-on-can/

Time    ms.us   Msgs.   ID         L DB0 DB1 DB2 DB3 DB4 DB5 DB6 DB7
        10.084   11507  0C000007x  8  C9  40  15  FF  00  FF  FF  FF
        10.165   11508  0C010305x  8  F3  FF  7E  FF  FF  FF  FF  FF
        10.023    4992  0CF00203x  8  C0  00  00  FF  FF  00  00  FF

First message is id 0x0C000007, or, priority 3, PGN 0x0000, from
node 7. A PGN of all 0’s means someone at the SAE thought this was
important. And indeed it is. This is Torque/Speed Control 1 (TSC1),
otherwise known as throttle control. As PDUF<240, PDUS is the target
node id, so this is being sent to node 0, typically the engine
ECU. Bytes 2 and 3 gives the requested RPM as 0x1540 = 5,440, which is
in increments of 1/8th RPM. So, the actual request is for 680 RPM.

Second message is id 0x0c010305; priority 3, PGN 0x0100, from node 5
(shift selector), being sent to node 3 (TCM). The PGN for this is
0x0100 (target nodes are by definition not part of the PGN), and is
Transmission Control 1 (TC1). Based on the data, the only part of the
request actually being sent out are bytes 1 and 3. Byte 1 is a bit
field, byte 3 is the requested gear. 0x7E is a request for first
gear. For Twin Disk transmissions. The message here is effectively
requesting a specific gear. There’s another set of values (used by
some Alison transmissions), ranging from 0xF5 to 0xEF, and 0xFC,
corresponding to positions on a shift selector. Quite literally ‘D’,
‘D-1’, ‘D-2’.

Third Message is PGN 0xF002, a broadcast message from 0x03, the
transmission controller. Looking at the previous definition for
0xF002, ETC1, we see we have an input and output rpm of 0 (engine is
off), and the drive line is not engaged. None of the other data is
available.
